Simple but non-optimal solution is: 
Collect all unique characters. Generate all permutations of those characters. Validate each permutation against the given dictionary.






Now let's think about optimal solution:
If you're familiar with topological sort and what it means, however, you'll see that this is a simple application of topological sort.
Quick recap - Topological sort is ordering the vertices in a directed graph such that vertex A appears before vertex B for all directed edges A->B. One way to look at it is that you're given a graph of dependencies and you want to order the vertices such that no dependecies are broken when going from left to right.

So, what is the graph in this question anyway?

Since we are given the words sorted lexicographically, we know which character precedes what other characters.

How do we determine these relationships between characters in practice?
We know a few things about the dictionary ordering.
In a dictionary, between two adjacent words, one of the following is true:
1. there is at least one character different. Eg. "abcd" and "abde" in English.
2. one word is shorter than other. Eg. "abc" and "abcd" in English.
  
In case 1, we know from the dictionary's property that the character at mismatch index in the left word appears before its counter part in right word in the alphabet.
In case 2, there is no meaningful information with respect to the alphabet

It is also necessarily true between two adjacent words, that the characters after the first mismatch do not convey any relationship between the characters






We can compare two adjacent words and try to find a mismatch. First mismatch denotes that, letter in first word will come before letter in second word in that alien language. Let's take one example to understand this:
words =
[
	"c",
	"aaaa",
	"aaaa",
	"aabc"
] 

Then we compare: 
1) "c" and "aaaa", here first mismatch is between 'c' and 'a' hence we are sure that 'c' will come before 'a'.
2) "aaaa" and "aaaa", here there is no mismatch so we can not conclude anything!  
3) "aaaa" and "aabc", here first mismatch is between 'a' and 'b' hence we are sure that 'a' will come before 'b'. Also note that we should only consider first mismatch. So from second mismatch concluding that 'a' will come before 'c' is wrong! 

Now total information we have collected is:
1) 'c' comes before 'a'
2) 'a' comes before 'b'

Combining them we can figure out the order of characters is 'cab' in the given alien language. 

Here we can use directed graph to combine the information collected by comparing words. Add an directed edge between first mismatched characters! Our directed graph will be directed acyclic graph! Now on DAG we can use topological sort to get the order of characters! 

Now have a look at the solution provided by us.  






Time complexity:

In the solution one word will be compared maximum two times. With 1) previous word and 2) next word. So comparing words and finding edges will take O(2 * total number of characters) = O(total number of characters). 

Also an edge is added when a mismatch is found. Maximum number of mismatch will be <= number of words. So in our directed graph |V| is O(number of different characters) and |E| is O(number of words). We know that topological sort takes O(V + E) time, so that is O(number of different characters + number of words).

So our overall time complexity will be O(total number of characters + number of different characters + number of words) = O(total number of characters).


Space complexity:

Input is O(total number of characters) and graph we will build will be O(number of different characters + number of words). So space complexity is also O(total number of characters). 




